readme.md, before:

# Assignments

## Authentication

You can read public assignments without a token; however, to create, update, and delete assignments on a user’s behalf an access token is required as a query parameter
with the key `access_token`.

You can generate an access token at https://github.com/settings/tokens/new for testing purposes.

## List all assignments

```
GET /assignments
```

lists all assignments given ever.

##  Create an Assignment

```
POST /assignments
```

creates a new assignment. required parameters are:

### Input

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `title` | `string` | **Required.** The title of the assignment | 
| `weekday` | `string` | **Required.** The weekday of the assignment of format w00d00 | 
| `repo_url` | `string` | **Required.** The git cloneable repository url of the assignment |
| `due_date` | `string` | The due date of the assignment of format w00d00 | 
| `rubric_url` | `string` | A link to the rubric of the assignment | 

## Get a single assignment

```
GET /assignments/:id
```

lists an assignment by both id and weekday value. As an example:

```
http://api.wdidc.org/assignments/1 
```

or

```
http://api.wdidc.org/assignments/w03d02
```

## List assignment submissions

```
GET /assignments/:id/submissions
```

## List assignment submissions by student id

```
GET /assignments/students/:github_id
```

## Local Setup

    $ git clone git@github.com:wdidc/assignments.git
    $ cd assignments
    $ bundle install
    $ rake db:create
    $ rake db:migrate
    $ rake db:seed
    $ rails s

### Authentication with GitHub

First, create a new application on GitHub - https://github.com/settings/applications/new

Make the Callback URL: `http://localhost:3000/auth/github/callback`

    $ figaro install

```rb
# config/application.yml

github_client_id: "your client id"
github_client_secret: "your client id"
```


## Trivial Update

Commit message:

add metamagic for title, desc, keywords, etc.
- Using `to_s` as defacto display format.
- Used gem instead of custom method because:
  - there are many keys for meta info, wanted all supported in same fashion
  - now “our procedure” for supporting meta info is documented (by them).

readme.md, after:

# Assignments

## Authentication

You can read public assignments without a token; however, to create, update, and delete assignments on a user’s behalf an access token is required as a query parameter
with the key `access_token`.

You can generate an access token at https://github.com/settings/tokens/new for testing purposes.

## List all assignments

```
GET /assignments
```

lists all assignments given ever.

##  Create an Assignment

```
POST /assignments
```

creates a new assignment. required parameters are:

### Input

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `title` | `string` | **Required.** The title of the assignment |
| `weekday` | `string` | **Required.** The weekday of the assignment of format w00d00 |
| `repo_url` | `string` | **Required.** The git cloneable repository url of the assignment |
| `due_date` | `string` | The due date of the assignment of format w00d00 |
| `rubric_url` | `string` | A link to the rubric of the assignment |

## Get a single assignment

```
GET /assignments/:id
```

lists an assignment by both id and weekday value. As an example:

```
http://api.wdidc.org/assignments/1
```

or

```
http://api.wdidc.org/assignments/w03d02
```

## List assignment submissions

```
GET /assignments/:id/submissions
```

## List assignment submissions by student id

```
GET /assignments/students/:github_id
```

## Local Setup

    $ git clone git@github.com:wdidc/assignments.git
    $ cd assignments
    $ bundle install
    $ rake db:create
    $ rake db:migrate
    $ rake db:seed
    $ rails s

### Authentication with GitHub

First, create a new application on GitHub - https://github.com/settings/applications/new

Make the Callback URL: `http://localhost:3000/auth/github/callback`

    $ figaro install

```rb
# config/application.yml

github_client_id: "your client id"
github_client_secret: "your client id"
```


## Managing Page Meta Info (title, description, keywords, etc)
Assigning an appropriate title can come in handy for managing browser tabs (i.e. when you open all the assignments for your Squad).  We now have a documented process for managing page meta info, via [metamagic](https://github.com/lassebunk/metamagic).
